Increase DATA_UPLOAD_MAX_NUMBER_FIELDS in project template (#12472)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/getting_started/integrating_into_django.md

MEDIA_URL = '/media/'
```

> Set the `DATA_UPLOAD_MAX_NUMBER_FIELDS` setting to 10,000 or higher. This specifies the maximum number of fields allowed in a form submission, and it is recommended to increase this from Django's default of 1,000, as particularly complex page models can exceed this limit within Wagtail's page editor:

Reviewer: Do the docs use commas for the thousand separator? Some languages could read it as `10.000` and be confused.

```suggestion
Set the `DATA_UPLOAD_MAX_NUMBER_FIELDS` setting to 10000 or higher. This specifies the maximum number of fields allowed in a form submission, and it is recommended to increase this from Django's default of 1000, as particularly complex page models can exceed this limit within Wagtail's page editor:
```

Author: Sure, happy to go along with that!
